---
layout: post
title: first blog post
date: 2025-11-07
description: introductory blog post
tags: 
categories: 
thumbnail:
---

Hi everyone. I thought with the redesign of my portfolio I could incorporate a blog section, so I could write about my journey as a game developer, and even include some tutorials for stuff I've already created. (It's also a good excuse to improve my writing skills)

This redesign was inspired by seeing some other creative game developer portfolios. Because I did not want to build the website from the ground up, im using **[this](https://github.com/alshedivat/al-folio/tree/main)** very well made template as a starting place.

Currently, I am focused on two main projects: Wizard Kart, an arcade racer and a spiritual successor to Wheelchair Wizards. Wizard Kart has large scope, but I hope to get a early alpha build out to test with friends to make sure its a viable project moving forward. The other project I'm working on is Killcode 404, a story driven cyberpunk shooter. I am the lead programmer for the project and I've mostly been spending my time flushing out enemies, as they are one of the most important elements in the shooter genre.

As for games I've been playing recently, Arc Raiders has been at the top of the list. My friends and I had been waiting a long time since the first technical test we got access to, so naturally we've already put a lot of hours into the game. I'm really impressed with what Embark has done, and I'm excited for future updates. Other than that, I haven't had too much time on my hands to play other PC games, but I have been enjoying Clash Royale's take on autobattlers: Merge Tactics. I've found because the games are much faster, it's much easier to pick up and play compared to sitting down for a full 30+ minute TFT game. It also has much simpler rules, so I don't feel like I have to keep up with the meta like I do for TFT.

That's all for now, hopefully I'll be back soon with more.

