---
layout: post
title: 2026 is here!
date: 2026-01-15
description: plans for 2026
tags: 
categories: 
thumbnail:
---
### Intro

Hi everyone, I've been super busy and totally forgot to stay updated with these posts. A lot has changed recently and I'm excited to share the latest and greatest of what I've done.

### My Progress

I've just started my second semester of my Masters in Computer Science, and I've tried to keep my course load relatively light so I have time to focus on game development. Last post, I talked about the future of Wizard Kart and Killcode 404, and while I've made significant progress on both since then, our focus at Studio 300 has recently shifted to working on a smaller project than Killcode 404 to experience the entire game pipeline and get our name out there sooner. We are now working on a coop dungeon crawler, which will utilize my skills for multiplayer, and so far is easier to iterate on as many of us are fond of fantasy settings. While I'm not quite ready to share screenshots/clips yet, because I want the game to be in a bit more polished state, what we already have so far is very promising and very motivating to work on.

### Games I'm Playing

**Core Keeper**
I tried Core Keeper for the first time after many reccomendations and was immediately hooked. I really enjoy the top down style of Core Keeper over the Terraria platformer angle. My friends and I easily put 30 hours in within a week, and still have a lot to do, explore, and fight. While we haven't finished the game, I can safely say I definitely reccomend it, especially to those who love Terraria as I think it offers a similar experience in terms of exploration and progression. 

**Far Far West Playtest**
I spent some recent time with the Far Far West playtest after seeing it on social media, and have found it to be a very fun, very silly, take on the "Helldivers" genre. I am really suprised with the polish on an "alpha" playtest, and I'm excited for the full release.

**Kingdom Come Deliverance 2**
I've just started KCD2, and while I usually struggle to finish these long open world games as I get stuck trying to do every side quest, this game has really pulled me in with its strong narrative, and at times feels more like I'm watching a show rather than playing a game.

Thanks for reading,
Ben

